CCSMCDS-13 Map UMMC STIDES data (#24)
ccsm-cds-tools/ccsm-cds-dashboard: README.md

npm run download-value-sets
```

### Convert CSV File to JSON

> You can run this following command to convert CSV data to JSON object. You need to run this if the CVS file is changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run this following command to convert CSV data to JSON object. You need to run this if the CSV file is changed:
```

```
npm run convert-csv [filepath]
```

> The `[filepath]` is the location/path to the CVS file. Ex

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `[filepath]` is the location/path to the CSV file. Example:
```
